Let's go ahead and create some texture for our islands created a new document that's 1920 by 10.
Let's add a new layer to it and make sure that we have the color black selected.
Now using our brush tool we're going to create some texture for our islands.
So make sure we're on a hard edge brush and let's make sure that the brush is all the way up to 1000
percent.
Now we want our brush size to be pretty small.
Now what we'll do is we're just going to do some random squiggles on our canvas and we want to do this
with a couple of different brush sizes
.
Now the smaller our brush gets closer the spacing becomes so when we get really small we want to manually
place our spots on our page
and we'll do a couple of big ones
too big
.
That's good.
Now let's copy this layer and then we're going to paste them back into our background document.
Now let's shrink this Slayer down so it fits over our island.
So
now let's move this layer into our island folder open him up and now we're going to select this layer
and everything in it and then add a new layer and this new layer we're going to fill it with the color
white using our fill tool.
Now let's grab that layer and bring it beneath our original layer
and then unselect out of that then using our Graben moved to old.
We're going to use the arrows on our keyboard to nudge that layer down just a bit like this just enough
so a little bit of that wire showing.
Now we can merge those two layers together
then select one of the two layers that have the shape of your island.
Then come back to your spotted layer and press control shift on your keyboard and that will invert the
selection then hit delete and it will delete all of the spots outside of your island.
Now let's change our island layer to overlay then let's bring the opacity down
25 percent should about do it.
And now we have some nice texture for our island.
Go ahead and do that on both the other islands and we can move on with the course